Okay, so let's talk about this
ESLint error momentarily.
It's saying, hey, you don't ever use app.
So no unused variables, right.
This is the same thing that would
complain if I said const x =5, and
I just never used it.
It's gonna say, hey, you create X but
then you never use it.
Why did you create x in the first place?
It's because ESLint up until now
does not understand JSX, right.
It's saying like, hey,
you imported pet but you never used it.
You created that, but you never used to
despite the fact that we use pet here and
we used app down here.
We need to augment the ESLint
to be able to understand JSX.
So, let's go ahead and
do that really quick.
And it's a bit of a pain so
bear with me for a second.
I promised you no more tooling and
then I lied.
NPMI -D and
we need to get quite a few here.
ESLint -plugin-import and
then you need at 2.26.0.
By the way, you don't have to copy you
can literally just go copy this from
my notes as well if you don't want to do
that it's here in JSX under ESLint react.
Just run this one right there.
I'm gonna type it out so
people can see it.
But I invite you please to go be lazy.
ESLint-plugin-JSX-a11y accessibility.
At 6.6.1 and ESLint
-plugin-react@7.31.8.
Just 76 packages so no big deal.
Okay, and then we got to update our
ESLint, I'll see a little bit here.
So, Put these on different lines
would be a little bit easier to read.
Again, the order here under extends
does not make a big difference.
Just make sure prettier is last.
Plugin:import/errors,
plugin:react/recommended and
plugin:jsx-a11y:, sorry,
/recommended.
So this notation means that
you're gonna go get the plugin,
which we installed all these plugins for
es6, right?
Plugins just augment ESLint etc.
The extensive set of rules, right.
And the plugin is like adding
additional capabilities to ESLint.
These are all just the recommended things.
Again, these are gonna be the kind of
things that are not very opinionated,
except I guess maybe accessibility but
I'm gonna argue that's an error anyway.
These should just be things that
are very uncontroversial things
that you should always do, okay.
And then we're gonna turn
off a couple of rules here.
We definitely don't need prop types.
Prop types are kind of an old thing for
react.
If you don't wanna use type script,
but you want validation in your code,
like a prop validation.
You can use prop types, which I'm
going to say is this isn't an array.
Sorry, this is a object.
Yeah.
Prop types are silly.
Don't, don't do prop types either
use type script or use nothing.
And then react/react-in-JSX-scope
to be zero as well.
What is an array?
No, this is yeah sorry this is not meant
to be plugins this is meant to be rules.
Okay, so sorry, rules react/prop-types:0,
and react/react-in- jsx-scope.
This used to require that anywhere use JSX
imported react which used to be the rule.
But with react 17 we don't
have to do that anymore.
Rather with a recent version of Babel,
it doesn't matter anyway.
Zero means this is not an error anymore.
Please ignore this rule.
That's what zero means, I think one
means warn and two means error.
So that's why it's zero okay,
sorry now plugins we have a react plugin.
We have an import plugin import just
allows ESLint to follow imports, right.
So it can see if I'm exporting
something from this file,
and I'm trying to import something
different in a different file.
It'll find that error across imports and
exports.
That's what import does.
And then jsx- a11y.
This is like if you put like a click
listener on something that's not like
a button,
it's gonna say like this isn't accessible.
It'll catch a bunch of those
like very simple straightforward
accessibility errors.
I like it cuz accessibility is hard for
the most part.
And so
this will help me with basic things.
Okay, that's all good emphasis good.
We need to add one more at
the bottom which is settings
Okay, ESLint wanna know what
version of react you're using
So you can just say,
go figure it out yourself.
So detect says, hey, go read my
package.json and figure it out yourself.
I don't know why they don't do
that by default, but they don't.
And then for the import/resolver,
If it's like right now it's
saying hey pet doesn't exist.
That's because right now ESLint is
only configured to look for.JSX files
we need to tell it you also
need to look for JSX files.
So, here you're gonna say node.
Extensions and you have to give
it an array of .JSX and .JSX.
So this is saying,
please also look for JSX files.
Okay, this isn't file that you now see
in front of you is what I
use on most of my projects.
This is vanilla react ESLint for
me, right.
And I think it's very uncontroversial and
in the opinion set of forces.
Having worked in DevTools for and like
developer infrastructure for a long time.
I'm very cognizant of the fact that
I don't want to annoy developers
unnecessarily.
As a developer, I have a thought in
my brain that I wanna express it in.
Code, every tool that I put between you
and accomplishing that is friction.
So I have to ask myself, as the person
making the tool, is that friction useful?
So one of them here that might be
the most controversial here is that I put
the accessibility one
here in my default one.
If you do something and
it's not accessible, and it warns you,
what you're doing is not accessible.
That is friction to a developer continuing
writing the code have to go fix your error
rather than writing net new code.
Is that worth it?
I'm gonna say yes,
it's worth it to make developers fix
that fix their accessibility code.
But is it worth it to
make sure that they have
Some special schema of
naming their variables.
No, that's just me enforcing some
dumb opinion on someone else,
that's not worth it, don't do that.
So that's the mantra behind
this ESL config is fix errors,
don't enforce the arbitrary opinions Yeah.
Dustin.
>> Will we need esent once
we move to type script?
Will you need Esent once
you move to type script?
>> Yes.
>> So let's talk about the kinds of
validation that we have in our code.
Just very quickly, we have a format.
Which is purely spacing,
and what kind of quote and
it's very mechanical, right?
It's like if you're writing
an English like essay,
do you have paragraphs in right places?
Are you double spacing?
Do you have tabs?
You know,
should this be a single double quote?
It's very syntactical You have lint,
which is gonna go check.
Do you have like a subject predicate,
right?
Like it's, it's gonna check like very
simple stylistic choices in your,
your English essay.
Then you're gonna have type script, which
is gonna say, like you said, this thing,
is it a noun?
Does the noun fit here?
Is this a verb?
Does the ver fit here?
So it's doing type checking
to make sure that everything.
Fits in the correct place, and
it is what you said it is.
And then eventually we're going
to have unit testing at the end,
which is going to say,
do all these paragraphs fit together?
Do they make sense together?
We're gonna check all
those pieces together.
So all four of those tools are checking
a different facet of correctness
about your code.
And therefore are all necessary.
There's overlap for sure.
They definitely have overlap.
And we're trying to use them each in
the place that they do the best, right.
ESLint can cover some things in prettier.
TypeScript can cover
some things in ESLint.
ESLint can cover some
things in TypeScript.
There's the then diagrams have overlap,
right.
But we try and separate them out.
So that Purdue only does formatting.
ESLint only does stylistic
checking TypeScript.
Only does typescript checking and
unit testing.
Only tests do the pieces fit together,
so I believe everything
should work npm run lint.
No errors,everything's all good.
Now we're done with the ESLint for
a good long while.